She went into the small room which served as Baby LaVon's nursery and stood
for a moment, indecisive, looking at the sleeping infant in her pink blanket
suit. She held to the faint hope that this might be no more than an
extraordinarily vivid dream. It would pass, she would wake up at seven in the
morning just like usual, feed Baby LaVon and herself while she watched the first
hour of the "Today" show, and be cooking Charlie's eggs when he came off-shift
at S A.M., his nightly tour -in the Reservation's north tower over for another
night. And in two weeks he would be back on days and not so cranky and if he was
sleeping with her at night she wouldn't have crazy dreams like this one and
"Hurry it up!" he hissed at her, breaking her faint hope. "We got just time to
throw a few things together . . . but for Christ's sake, woman, if you love
her"-he pointed at the crib-"you get her dressed!" He coughed nervously into his
hand and began to yank things out of their bureau drawers and pile them helterskelter into a couple of old suitcases.
 She woke up Baby LaVon, soothing the little one as best she could; the threeyear-old was cranky and bewildered at being awakened in the middle of the night,
and she began to cry as Sally got her into underpants, a blouse, and a romper.
The sound of the child's crying made her more afraid than ever. She associated
it with the other times Baby LaVon, usually the most angelic of babies, had
cried in the night: diaper rash, teething, croup, colic. Fear slowly changed to
anger as she saw Charlie almost run past the door with a double handful of her
own underwear. Bra straps trailed out behind him like the streamers from New
Year's Eve noise-makers. He flung them into one of the suitcases and slammed it
shut. The hem of her best slip hung out, and she just bet it was torn.